EDU-2643: Adds note that encrypted histories are exported with encryption (#2910)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/cloud/export.mdx

For pricing information, see [Temporal Cloud Pricing](/cloud/pricing).

:::note

> If you have enabled encryption for your Workflow History, your exported data will also be encrypted.

Reviewer: Can we make sure the terminology is consistent across this page and https://docs.temporal.io/production-deployment/data-encryption? So maybe we should say "If you have enabled encryption for the data handled in your Workflow Execution, the exported data will also be encrypted"

Author: Adopted.

> If you have enabled encryption for your Workflow History, your exported data will also be encrypted.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have enabled encryption for the data handled in your Workflow Execution, the exported data will also be encrypted.```

> If you have enabled encryption for the data handled in your Workflow Execution, the exported data will also be encrypted.```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have enabled encryption for the data handled in your Workflow Execution, the exported data will also be encrypted.
```
